chore(pr-template): added a few details (#2177)
aerogear/graphback: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Documentation Update (if none of the other choices apply)
- [ ] Other (please specify)

> Link to the issue (if applicable):

Reviewer: Remove this (this has been covered already at very top of the template.

Reviewer: You could add this link to the very top along with the current text https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue

Reviewer: It is a good idea but this would discourage the use of [Closing keywords](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise/2.16/user/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords)

Reviewer: We want it at the very top to give the reviewer context as early as possible.

Author: So should I modify it to ```Fixes: #``` and put it at the top so that the reviewer gets context as early as possible and we are able to use Closing Keywords?

Reviewer: No. We do not want to be too opinionated with the description as there is more than one way to link a pull request (see [here](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-your-work-on-github/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)).

As well as that, not every pull request is a Fix (some are features, docs etc), and not every pull request has an issue to link. This might make it confusing for people who do not have an issue to link - it might make them think they need to create one when often this is not necessary.

Best thing to do is https://github.com/aerogear/graphback/pull/2177#discussion_r504041014

## Further comments

<!--If this is a relatively large or complex change, kick off the discussion by explaining why you chose the solution you did and what alternatives you considered, etc...-->

> <!--Note: The template gives you full control over the content of your pull request. Feel free to remove the parts you feel are irrelevant to your particular pull request.-->

Reviewer: We still want people to use this template, so the following suggests keeping it as close as possible to original:

```suggestion
<!--The content below is a suggested layout for writing your pull request description. You may extend or remove parts you deem relevant or irrelevant to your changes. -->
```
